Provide token configuration from config (Closes #68) (#69)
owncloud/ocis-proxy: changelog/unreleased/fix-createhome-middleware.md

Bugfix: Provide token configuration from config

> Fixed a bug that causes the createHome middleware to crash if no configuration for the OIDC provider is propagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug that causes the createHome middleware to crash if no configuration for the TokenManager is propagated.
```
